tiflash: add more explanation for parameter `bg_task_io_rate_limit` (#5175)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md

## Storage paths settings take effect starting from v4.0.9
[storage]
    ## [Experimental] New in v5.0. This item limits the total write rate of background tasks in bytes per second. It is not recommanded to use this experimental feature in a production environment. 

>     ## The unit is byte. Currently, setting such as "10GB" is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## The unit is bytes. Currently, the setting such as "10GB" is not supported.
```

    ## The default value is 0, which means no limit.

>     ## This parameter is mainly for the scenario when TiFlash is deployed on AWS EBS (gp2/gp3) disks and is used to control the usage of machine disk bandwidth by background tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## This parameter is used to control the usage of machine disk bandwidth by background tasks mainly for the scenario where TiFlash is deployed on the AWS EBS (gp2/gp3) disk.
```

>     ## Improves the stability of TiFlash query performance. The recommended configuration in this scenario is 50% of the disk bandwidth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## This parameter can be used to improve the stability of the TiFlash query performance. The recommended configuration in this scenario is 50% of the disk bandwidth.
```
